Hm?
You?
Are you talking with me?
No, I thought of myself.
Really?
I don't see.
Oh, I see.
Ah!
We'll check on its location with the help of our precision gun
and circle around the enemy for 60 meters
to cover the Kennedy Base without forgetting our station.
gas
Smith
We have chosen theolutely loyal forces...
...specially the anti-aircraft unit to protect us from this attack Internet attacks.
Missile commentary
1 plane for thefs fleets and 2 for the enemy.
Entered retreat from the vibes of the Air Force对 be workshops of flightknowers.
Crunchy hey, sir?
You can't let them go.
Hyung you, open your door.
Alright yong good.
We haveenexpected Last蹂oo cover.
Yo yo.
간식이구
Gi Dur suicide.
Memo yearly missed the first out of Unatarnasable.
Can't you come to visit.
The lantern projectiles spreadτικ to síndrome to difícil the 비닐砲快速的爆風
The sound of the explosion is heard.
The enemy forces are targeting our defense.
salute
inevitable
Fire!
It appears to be fleshtened like you.
Stuff!
They've put structure!
Perfect treasure!
Saturn's swastika!
Target the fashion!
Flash!
However!
When the lyrics become me!
Prepare to defend it!
Caution!
And notice in the script.
April 13th was 5iku
and the hairs of the best commander was
referred to Fans!